okay so this is my second time recording
this video because there was doing some
road work outside my mom and dad came in
here so I'm going to redo it once again
I've already put my shake mix in here
because that's what I did during the
first video but you're going to take two
scoops of the vanilla herbalife shake
mix unless you don't use Herbalife any
kind of vanilla shake mix that you use
till you know lose weight or you know if
you just use it to maintain weight and
then I took a tablespoon of the
Herbalife personalized protein powder
and i'm using my milk is already in
there as you can see and i use 8 ounces
of the almond breeze coconut milk which
is only 60 calories ok and the key to
this shake is I'm going to make a
pumpkin spice shake which is very
festive for this top of the year and you
know it's just something that I thought
you guys would enjoy and I want to try
to start whenever I do a shake that's
not just whatever is in the canister I
want a video it excuse me I have a cold
to show you guys you know what I do and
to give you guys ideas and the key to
this shake was i was using can't
all-natural canned pumpkin but that way
I figured out was it just had a little
bit too much sugar than what I wanted um
so a girl in here she makes like little
protein shakes and even though this is a
protein shake but hers not as like it's
not like a meal shake she does her so
like pre workout um the key to hers was
coffee mate pumpkin spice in which I got
the sugar free because it does not have
no sugars at all i don't know if it's
going to focus or not maybe if I put
it's not going to but for two
tablespoons it's only 15 calories so and
i use the low reduced milk anyways
oh I have room to add the calories to
the shake and 15 calories is not bad
whatsoever and like I said you guys want
to get this stuff around i'm probably
going to see how long the date works for
this because i'm probably gonna want to
stock up because they're not gonna sell
it for that long and i'm definitely
going to want to make i don't know i
just i like to you know change my shakes
around because i'm not trying to drink
the same shake every day so I'm going to
pour that looks about right we a little
bit more
and sorry that was my dad but um I have
to go and get my blender so okay
we'll plug it in and then I also put ice
cubes in my shakes so I'm going to go
through that here I SKUs sorry I keep
putting my finger in front of their I'm
not used to recording from my phone and
watch me get all the way to here and it
not upload there's three I usually put
four or five just because I don't like
it to be running I like it to be very
icy there we go and you can always put
like a hint of cinnamon if you want to I
did that in my one that I used with
canned pumpkin but I don't know i'm not
going to do that today so let me be down
for a second let me get this turned 1
i'm back so everything's in there
my things are like to play
I think it's blended up I hope I think
when I had to remake the video try
something put you down one more second
so that's what it looks like and I don't
know if some of you guys put ice cubes
in your herbalife shake but I do I like
it a lot better and it stays colder and
things like that and then you put it in
and it makes it actually a lot bigger so
I mean it might make you feel even more
fulfilling
at least it does for me so that's it I
put it in my little cub and then I put
my little lid on it and if you're
wondering where i got my blender at i
got it at walmart for like 15 bucks so
it wasn't that expensive whatsoever so
that's it and i hope you guys enjoyed it
and i'm gonna try to get it uploaded so
i'll talk to you guys later bye